nitingupta@mca07

Spring Transaction Advice
Consider the following configuration for a bean in Spring:

<tx:attributes>
    <tx:method name="get*" read-only="true"/>
    <tx:method name="*"/>
</tx:attributes>
This is defined inside a tx:advice. If this tx:advice is applied to all the methods of a an interface com.rs.Svc, which of the following statements are true?

Pick all that apply
 All methods of com.rs.Svc with names starting with get will be executed in a READ-ONLY transaction
 All methods of com.rs.Svc whose names do not start with get will be executed in a READ-WRITE transaction
 All methods of com.rs.Svc whose names do not start with get will be executed without transaction semantics
 All methods of com.rs.Svc will be executed in a READ-WRITE transaction
 All methods of com.rs.Svc will be executed without transaction semantics
------------------------------------
A website has two modes of operation - headlines only and full articles. When a user first visits the website, he is asked to choose one of the modes, and the website needs to remember this choice for the rest of this session. Which of the following techniques can be used for this purpose?

Pick all that apply
 Use of a Session Object
 Use of Cookies
 Use of ServletConfig
 Use of Jquery/JavaScript
 Use of the doPost() method
0--------------------------------------
Handler Mapping
Which of the following statements about handler mapping in Spring MVC are true?

Pick all that apply
 A handler mapping maps a request to a HandlerExecutionChain that contains a handler and zero or more handler interceptors
 All handler interceptors must be applied after the actual handler
 All handler interceptors must be applied before the actual handler
 The actual handler is always called
-------------------------------
While using Hibernate, an object X is deleted from a persistent collection. Which of the following statements are true?

Pick all that apply
 Object X is now in detached state
 Trying to delete an object from a persistent collection results in a RuntimeError
 The database object corresponding to Object X is deleted at transaction commit time if FlushMode is COMMIT.
 The database object corresponding to Object X is deleted only if FlushMode is AUTO
 Object X is garbage collected immediately.
--------------------------------------------------
HTTPS
You are the developer of a website http://www.x.com that is currently hosted on a shared hosting server in the cloud. Currently it only serves HTTP. The server is behind a firewall that only allows connections on port 80 (www) through and disallows all other traffic. You have now been asked to convert the whole site to use the https protocol. All requests to http://x.com/abc/def/ should automatically be redirected to https://www.x.com/abc/def. Which of the following are changes you must make to do this?

Pick all that apply
 You'll need to get an SSL certificate for www.x.com
 You'll need a dedicated IP address for your domain.
 You will need to open port 443 (https) in the firewall
 You'll need to close port 80 (www) on the firewall for security
 The hard-disk that stores the database and the webserver files needs to be modified to use disk encryption
--------------------------------------------------
 web developer has implemented a site containing a number of objects, and a request to GET /update?id=42,value=xyz results in updating the value of object with id 42. Which of the following statements are true?

Pick all that apply
 This will never work because GET can only get values, and will not update values
 This is guaranteed to work, because URLs with query parameters are not allowed to be cached by the browser, or the web server
 Since GET is an idempotent operation, only the first GET request will update the object, and all subsequent ones are guaranteed to be ignored
 This will not work if the application depends on cookies, because cookies are only sent on POST requests, not GET requests
 If we ignore caching, this will work, but is considered bad practice
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
You are in Section 6: HTTP Knowledge, question 4 of 5. There are a total of 9 sections.

Cookies Expiry
Which of the following statements about HTTP cookies are true?

Pick all that apply
 If no expiry date is specified for a cookie, it never expires
 If no expiry date is specified for a cookie, it expires in 86400 seconds (1 day)
 A persistent cookie cannot be deleted by the user
 If no expiry date is specified for a cookie, the cookie will get deleted when the user closes the window/tab (but does not close the browser)
 If no expiry date is specified for a cookie, the cookie will get deleted when the user closes the browser
----------------------------------------------

You are in Section 6: HTTP Knowledge, question 5 of 5. There are a total of 9 sections.

Cookie Domains
A user visits the URL http://x.com/ and the HTTP response contains the following cookies:

Set-Cookie: a=aa
Set-Cookie: b=bb; Domain=x.com
Set-Cookie: c=cc; Domain=.x.com
Set-Cookie: d=dd; Domain=www.x.com
Set-Cookie: e=ee; Domain=docs.x.com
Immediately after this, the user visits http://www.x.com/p1/. Which of the following cookies will be sent by the browser?

Pick all that apply
 a=aa
 b=bb
 c=cc
 d=dd
 e=ee
-----------------------------------------
Consider the following lines in the <head> section of a JavaScript page:

<head>
  <script src="file1.js"></script>
  <script src="file2.js"></script>
</head>
Unfortunately, loading the two javascript files is slowing down the rendering of this page, and it is required to improve the situation. To complicate matters, the code in file2.js uses some of the code from file1.js so it would be a problem if they got loaded in the wrong order. Assuming that the HTML in the rest of the page can be rendered properly without the JavaScript (i.e. there are appropriate fallbacks), which of the following statements are true?

Pick all that apply
 It is not possible under any circumstances for the webpage to start rendering before loading the JavaScript files, as long as the <script> tag is in the <head> section.
 This problem can be fixed by using the async attribute on both the <script> tags
 This problem can be fixed by using the defer attribute on both the <script> tags
 This problem can be fixed by using the async attribute for file1.js and the defer attribute for file2.js
 This problem can be fixed by using the defer attribute for file1.js and the async attribute for file2.js
------------------------------------------------------------
Browser Storage Options
Which of the following statements about cookies, localStorage, and sessionStorage are true?

Pick all that apply
 Your client-side code can track all changes to localStorage or sessionStorage by adding a listener for the 'storage' event
 sessionStorage data is stored on the server, but cookies and localStorage are stored on the browser side
 All the cookies related to a website are sent from the browser to the server on every HTTP request, but the localStorage and sessionStorage data is not sent to the server
 total sessionStorage size per website cannot be more than 4KB
 Changes made to sessionStorage of a logged in user on one device/browser are available on all other devices/browsers for the same logged in user as long as the browsesr supports html5
----------------------------------------------
In an HTML/CSS page with JavaScript, which of the following techniques is the most suitable for showing the same content in different views on devices with different sizes?

Pick the closest option
 User Agents
 Media queries
 JQuery
 HTML Style
----------------------------
Order of Output
Assume that you are using a third-party JavaScript library, which provides you with function called doStuff(callback). This function does some complex calculation asynchronously, and then calls the callback function with two arguments callback(results, err). If there was any error in the calculation, then err will be a non-null string. If the operation was a success, results will be a non-null string. Consider the following JavaScript code that you have written:

console.log("A");
doStuff(function f(results, err) => {
    if (err) {
        console.log("B");
    }
    console.log("C");
}
console.log("D");
Which of the following output sequences can NEVER be produced by this code. (Note: you have to choose those sequences of outputs that are impossible to produce as the output of the above code under any circumstances.)

Pick all that apply
 A B C D
 A C D
 A D C
 A D B C
 None of the above (i.e. under the appropriate circumstances each of the above sequences are possible.)
------------------------------------------
Client Side
Which of the following can't be done with client-side JavaScript?

Pick the closest option
 Validating a form
 Sending a form's contents by email
 Storing the form's contents to a database file on the server
 None of the above
-----------------------------
Consider the following SQL query:

select Student.name
from Student
where Student.id in (
    select Results.student_id
    from Results
    order by Results.score)
Assuming that this query returns more than 1 row as output, what the first row of the output guaranteed to contain?

Pick the closest option
 The name of the Student with highest score
 The name of the Student with lowest score
 The name of the Student with highest id
 The name of the Student with lowest id
 None of the above
-----------------------------
select max(age), min(age)
from employees
group by dept_id
Assume that there are 10 different departments (i.e. 10 different values for dept_id in the employees table). How many rows are there in the result of this query?

Pick the closest option
 Exactly 1
 Any number from 1 to 10 depending on the values of the data (age, dept_id) in the table
 Any number from 0 to 10 depending on the values of the data (age, dept_id) in the table
 Exactly 10
 Exactly 20
----------------------------

For scalability of a backend database, a company is considering a distributed database, and is looking into replication and sharding techniques. Which of the following statements about replication and sharding are true?

Pick all that apply
 Replication of data improves availability of data in case one or more servers are unavailable (e.g. due to a crash)
 Sharding improves the scalability of the system by allowing more data to be processed in the same time
 If an RDBMS is chosen as the backend database, you can do replication, but sharding is not supported by RDBMS
 If a NoSQL database is chosen, the choice must be made carefully because each NoSQL database can provide either replication, or sharding, but none of them can provide both
 None of the above
-----------------------------
You are in Section 9: NoSQL, question 3 of 3. This is the last section.

NoSQL
NoSQL databases are a popular alternative to RDBMS these days. Which of the following statements about NoSQL databases are true?

Pick all that apply
 Most NoSQL databases typically give up one of the ACID properties of RDBMS in return for scalability or performance
 NoSQL databases use JavaScript as a query language instead of SQL
 MongoDB, Cassandra, Amazon's Dynamo are all examples of NoSQL databases
 NoSQL databases are an open source alternative to Oracle databases
----------------------------------------

